Add Newtype exercise to calculate wattage. (#273)
purescript-contrib/purescript-book: text/chapter5.md

Another application of newtypes is to attach different _behavior_ to an existing type without changing its representation at runtime. We cover that use case in the next chapter when we discuss _type classes_.

## Exercises

1. (Easy) Define a `calculateWattage` function using the above definitions `Amp`, `Volt`, and `Watt`:
```haskell
calculateWattage :: Amp -> Volt -> Watt
```

> that calculates a wattage in Watts as the product of the given current in Amps and voltage in Volts.

Reviewer: Don't know if this makes things any clearer. Up to your discretion. Will merge either way.
```suggestion
that calculates a wattage in `Watt`s as the product of the given current in `Amp`s and voltage in `Volt`s.
```
